add a file to teach basics (#5162)
kelseyhightower/nocode: basics.md

Alright so you have installed the repository. Good job 🎉
now let's began with writing some code-?

**here's how to define a `variable`**
Variable names can be arbitrarily long
```

```

to **print** these, this is what you do
```

```

you can't use variables with these names-
```

```

> **wanna add subtract multiply divide differentiate exponent or any mathematical funtion?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**wanna add subtract multiply differentiate exponent or any mathematical function?**
```
I was getting undefined when I ran a division on `   ` so I don't think it should be included in the operations.

do it this way
```

```

> also you can define if you want to use BODMAS or PEMDAS using **modules** like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also you can define if you want to use BOMAS or PEMAS using **modules** like this
```
same reason as above

Author: alright wait I'll try and run some checks on divide and get bring out the changes soon - probably it's something with
```

```

Reviewer: I agree. That's what I was thinking as well. Maybe if you `                              
` the ` ` it should work? I was reading on reddit somewhere that `  ` tends to `          ` so that could be it too.
